## What is React?

### What is React?
*¿Qué es React?*

React is a **JavaScript** library created by Facebook, is a User Interface library and of course is used to create UI components.

*React es una librería de Javascript creada por Facebook, es una libreria de Interfaz de Usuario (UI), por lo tanto es utilizada para crear componentes UI.*
<br>

[Read +](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/what-react-is/9781491996744/ch01.html)
<br><br>

### What is a library?
*¿Qué es una librería?*

A library is a collection of related pieces of code, that can be called upon when building your own code.

*Una librería es una colección de pedazos de código, que puede ser llamada o utilizada cuando escribas tu propio código.*

🎬 Watch this video about [Libraries and Frameworks](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LimOOe6I4eo)
<br><br>

### What is a single page application?
*¿Qué es una aplication de página única?*

A Single Page Application(SPA) is an app that does not require page reloading during use, it works inside a browser, giving an user experience faster. It is one web that loads the rest of the content using JavaScript.


*Una SPA (Single Page Application) es una app que no requiere recargar la página durante su uso, trabaja dentro del navegador, dando una experiencia de usuario más fluida, más rápida.*

[Read +](https://medium.com/@NeotericEU/single-page-application-vs-multiple-page-application-2591588efe58)
<br><br>

### What is a component?
*¿Qué es un componente?*

In programming and engineering disciplines, a component is an identifiable part of a larger program or construction.

*En las disciplinas de programación e ingeniería, un componente es una parte, identificable, de una construcción o programa más grande.*
<br><br>

### What is the latest version of React?
*¿Cuál es la versión más reciente de React?*

16.13.1
<br><br>

### What is DOM?
*¿Qué es DOM?*

"The W3C Document Object Model (DOM) is a platform and language-neutral interface that allows programs and scripts to dynamically access and update the content, structure, and style of a document." Everytime a change occurs, the DOM gets updated<br>
The model is constructed as a tree of Objects:

                                    Document
                                        v
                                        v
                            ------Root Element---------
                            v                         v
                        Element                    Element
                        (head)                      (body)


*"El Modelo de Objectos de Documentos (DOM) es una plataforma y una interfaz lenguaje-neutro que permite a los programas y scripts acceder y actualizar dinámicamente el contenido, la estructura y el estilo de un documento ". Cada vez que un cambio ocurre, el DOM se actualiza.*
<br><br>


### What is React Virtual DOM?
*¿Qué es React Virtual DOM?*

A virtual DOM is a representation of the real DOM, so when a change happens instead of updating the DOM, the virtual one gets updated, this way is more efficient.<br>
React Virtual DOM checks the component 'to update' state and when this one changes, React updates the virtual DOM tree.

*El DOM virtual es una representación del DOM real, asi que cuando un cambio ocurre, en vez de actualizar el DOM, se actualizaría el virtual DOM, de esta forma es más eficiente.<br>
El DOM virtual de React revisa el estado del componente "a actualizar" y cuando este cambia, React actualiza el árbol del DOM virtual.*

[Read +](https://programmingwithmosh.com/react/react-virtual-dom-explained/)

### What does a web application or a website(composed of) have?
*¿Qué es lo que una aplicaión web or una website tiene?*

| Web Application                              | Website                                      |
|----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
| Designed for interaction with the end user.  | Mostly consists of static content, accessible to all the visitors (single domain name) |
| The user can read and manipulate content.    | The user can view and read content, but not affect it 's functioning.|
| Its development is part of the website. It is itself not a complete website.  | It is a complete product, which you access with the help of your browser. |
| The site must be precompiled before deployment. | The site doesn't need to be pre-compiled. |